The election is the most important work in the history of the Japanese regime.
If the vote is in the majority, the Hamaguchi cabinet will continue as it is.
If the vote is in the majority, the Inu cabinet will continue as it is.
The election is decided by the way of voting, whether the cabinet is defeated or not, or whether the country is good or bad.
If the cabinet is to create a disbandment of the election, which is important when it comes to the election,
it must be considered more carefully.
There are national and political disbandments,
but the disbandment of the election is not accepted by the Inu cabinet.
It is not accepted by the Inu cabinet.
The Inu cabinet does not need to disband,
but it is not necessary to disband when it comes to politics.
However, the current cabinet has been in the process of resigning,
and the work on the important political situation, such as the gold and gold, has been completed.
It has been completed.
The next step is the second step of the two-way process,
but the Western Committee, which is opposed to the second step,
is also trying to help the government.
The opposition is saying that they will not do it.
The basis that the power must be disbanded and passed on to the people is not seen from anywhere.
In the case of the Kakunomu period,
the opposition will first consider the actual work of the government
before disbanding the government.
If the government does not agree with the actual work,
and if it does not interfere with the government,
and if it cannot do the policy of the previous and the next government,
it is natural to disband without giving up.
Moreover, this time, the government has not yet stood up against the opposition in the parliament.
However, it is a mistake to think that the opposition must be opposed.
If it is a majority, it may be against the state and the people,
but if it is a ruling, it is better to oppose for the sake of the state.
If you think it is wrong to oppose, you cannot oppose.
This is the original view of the government.
Of course, our country does not have a correct ruling,
so if you disagree, the opposition may be completely against the government.
However, they are wrong.
If you think it is wrong, you need to oppose the people.
If you do not know whether it is wrong or not,
it is impossible to oppose the people by thinking.